# Commentary
- For this task, I have created a simple choice game that includes branching paths and outcomes in order to get an interesting game loop that keeps the player engaged and forces them to measure their decisions.
I have used a tree-type for data structure that manages the flow of the story and choices. The game includes input-driven decisions (the player has to choose a number between 1 and 3 in order for the story to proceed). The text is slowly printed out and there is no time limit; this does not put a "time pressure" on the player and allows him to take some time before typing the decision.
- The player choices are stored through nodes ("StoryNodes"). Each node contains a text that displays the narration at a specific point in the story; "option" is the list of strings-basically showing the choices to the player. With "nextNodes", we get a list of integers poiting to the next "StoryNode". This means that if the player chooses for example "option 1", the story will go to "node index 1"; if the player chooses "option 2", the story will go to "node index 2" and so on until an ending is reached. There are multiple endings depending on what choices are made. Some of the endings can be easily reached and the game can end pretty quickly or experimenting with different choices, the game loop can last somewhere around a minute or two.
- I did not have any particular problems with this project other than the online compiler acting up every now and then and I was not able to type my choices.
